I have started building the project on 27.03.24 and finished 31.03.24.
I started with updating android studio. Emulator was not working because of the data-storage. I had to spend quite time to open space and make it work. Then I revised the React Native documentation. I started building the Onboarding part. I checked the React Router to make a Swiper using the TabView. Then I created the layout for the Onboarding part. After that I started building the Home component. For that I created a menu component which is basically a bottom tab navigator. In its first tab I created HomeRouter which contains a stack navigator to make the routing to the detail page of the application. After I made it functional with static data, I created a mock data inside a json-server and configured my package.json to start both the json-server and the React app at the same time. Then I wrapped my application with Context. Context basically calls the json-server api to get the posts data on mount (I also created a basic API layer to make api calls a bit shorter and readable). When user enters the application I get the posts using the useAppContext. Each post will be rendered with the provided post data from the json-server. I also user Unsplash random photos with index as a parameter to show different random photos in every post (but Detail component will get the index as prob and get the same image so that user won't have any confusions after getting the detail page). 
It was really fun creating an another React Native application. Hard part was the make emulator run properly. I guess the other part was to configure Detail components ScrollView to slide up with user gesture.
I hope  you like it. Hope to hear from you soon :))